=pod

=head1 NAME

Net::Sentinel - Manages a given condition and actions to take when the condition is true

=head1 SYNOPSIS

The Net::Sentinel object requires a name describing it, a directory to operated
from, a condition to execute to check if actions need to be ran and a list of
actions to run should the condition return true.

 # A sub to check every second. A return value of 1 indiciates the actions need
 # to be ran. A return value of 0 indicates that the condition is not met. A log
 # message is required to be returned by the condition explaing the result
 sub some_condition {
    if ( 1 == 1 ) {
        return ( 1, "tripped" );
    }
    else {
        return ( 0, "all good" );
    }
 }

 # A sub to passed to Net::Sentinel::Action to be ran when the condtion is true
 sub some_action {
    print "I was ran.\n";
 }

 # The sentinel object that manages the condition and actions
 my $sentinel = Net::Sentinel->new(
     'name'      => 'the-watcher',
     'base-dir'  => '/var/sentinel/',
     'condition' => \&some_condition,
     'actions'   => [
         Net::Sentinel::Action->new(
             'name'  => 'the-action',
             'spawn' => \&some_action,
             'type'  => ACTION,
         ),
     ],
 );

 # Turn the sentinel on
 $sentinel->start;

=head1 DESCRIPTION

This class defines the Net::Sentinel which executes the supplied condition and
executes all supplied actions when the condition is true

=head1 METHODS

=over

=item new( %params ) (constructor)

Creates a new Sentinel.

Required values are C<name> (scalar), C<base-dir> (scalar),
C<condition> (coderef), C<actions> (arrayref of Net::Sentinel::Actions).

Returns: New instance of Sentinel

=item start

Daemonizes the Sentinel.

Returns: exit

=item stop

Stops the daemon.

Returns: exit

=item status

Prints the current state of the Sentinel.

Returns: exit

=item set_name( $name )

Sets the name of the Sentinel

Returns: undef

=item get_name

Gets the name of the Sentinel

Returns: C<name> (scalar)

=item set_once

Sets the once flag on the Sentinel. The Sentinel will only trigger once and exit on recovery.

Returns: undef

=item get_once

Gets the once flag

Returns: C<once> (scalar)

=item set_base_dir( $base_dir )

Sets the director from which the Sentinel will operate from

Returns: undef

=item get_base_dir

Gets the directory where the Sentinel is operating from

Returns: C<base_dir> (scalar)

=item set_condition( \&condition )

Sets the coderef the Sentinel will execute every iteration to check if true. If the condition is
true the Sentinel will execute all Net::Sentinel::Actions defined.

Returns: undef

=item get_condition

Gets the condition coderef to execute.

Returns: C<condition> (coderef)

=item set_condition_delay( $recovery_seconds )

Sets the delay (in seconds) the Sentinel should wait before executing the condition.
Default is to check the condition every second

Returns: undef

=item get_condition_delay

Gets the congition delay seconds

Returns: C<condition_delay> (scalar)

=item set_actions( \@actions )

Sets the Actions the Sentinel will execute when the condition is true

Returns: undef

=item get_actions

Returns the Actions that Sentinel will execute when the condition is true

Returns: C<actions> (arrayref)

=item set_recovery( \@recovery_actions )

Sets the Actions to run on recovery when the condition returns to false

Returns: undef

=item get_recovery

Returns the Actions to run on recovery

Returns: C<recovery> (arrayref)

=item set_recovery_time( $recovery_delay )

Sets the amount of time in seconds the Sentinel should wait after condition returns
false before executing recovery actions.

Returns: undef

=item get_recovery_time

Gets the recovery time delay.

Returns: C<recovery_time> (scalar)

=item set_timeout( $socket_timeout )

Sets the timeout on the UNIX socket the Sentinel uses

Returns: undef

=item get_timeout

Gets the UNIX socket timeout

Returns: C<timeout> (scalar)

=back

